README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

This is Zujing Liu(刘祖靖), a Master student at [Captain](http://www.captain-whu.com/en/team/) in Wuhan University, China since 2023, advised by [Prof.Gui-song Xia](http://www.captain-whu.com/zh/person/xiaguisong.html) and [Prof.Yuan Gao](https://yuan-gao.net/).

- 🔍 I’m currently working on model compression and inference acceleration on LLMs and MLLMs, including:
  - Structural Pruning, Knowledge Distillation and Quantization.
  - KV Cache Optimization and Implicit Chain of Thought (CoT) Inference.
- 💻 __I'm actively seeking internship and visiting opportunities.__ 🥺🤗
- 📫 Reach me: <zujing.liu@whu.edu.cn> or <zjliu828@gmail.com>.

<!--
[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=liuxiaozhu01)](https://git.io/streak-stats)
![My GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=liuxiaozhu01&show_icons=true&theme=transparent)
-->

<!--
**liuxiaozhu01/liuxiaozhu01** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README with current research interests
Updated research focus and contact information.

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

This is Zujing Liu(刘祖靖), a Master student at [Captain](http://www.captain-whu.com/en/team/) in Wuhan University, China since 2023, advised by [Prof.Gui-song Xia](http://www.captain-whu.com/zh/person/xiaguisong.html) and [Prof.Yuan Gao](https://yuan-gao.net/).

- 🔍 I’m currently working on model compression and inference acceleration on LLMs and MLLMs, including:
  - Reasoning with images and videos, built upon Reinforcement Learning (RL)
  - Structural Pruning, Knowledge Distillation and Quantization. KV Cache Optimization.
- 💻 __I'm actively seeking internship and visiting opportunities.__ 🥺🤗
- 📫 Reach me: <zujing.liu@whu.edu.cn> or <zjliu828@gmail.com>.

<!--
[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=liuxiaozhu01)](https://git.io/streak-stats)
![My GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=liuxiaozhu01&show_icons=true&theme=transparent)
-->

<!--
**liuxiaozhu01/liuxiaozhu01** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
